1. Start Visual Studio 2005 IDE.
2. Click on 'File' menu.
3. Go to ' New -> Project' menu(Ctrl+shift+n).
4. Click on it and you will see a dialog titled New Project.
5. This dialog is divided into two parts (left(Project Types) and right(Templates) panel) from left(Project Types) panel select Win32.
6. From Right(Templates) panel select Win32Project.
7. Below is one text box enter name of the project in  text box.
8. Below that is a Combo box enter the Location (Where you want to store the project) in this Combo box or you can choose the path from browse button.
9. There are two Check boxes below this:: 
										I.  Create directory for solution.
										II. Add to source control.
   Uncheck both of them and then click on OK.
10. You will see Win32 AppWizard with your Project title and it is showing overview of your project. It is again divided into two panels.
11. Now Click on next or click on Application settings on left panel and you will go to application Settings.
12. There are four radio button::
								 I.   Windows Application.
								 II.  Console Application.
								 III. Dll.
								 IV.  Static Library.
	Select (I) i.e. windows application from this.
13. Below that is a check box saying 'Empty Project' check that and Click on Finish.
14. Now Title of IDE window is same as of your application (And Microsoft Visual Studio).
15. Now go to 'Project' menu from there go to 'Project->Add New Item'(Ctrl+Shift+a).
16. "Add New Item" Dialog will appear this is also divided into two parts left(Categories) and right (Templates) from Left select Utility and
	from Right Select text file.
17. Now give a name to your file and make sure you are saving it in the Project's Directory only (Save it with '.c' Extension). A Tab with your file name will appear in your IDE.

NOTE : By The Way, As Every "CPP" Program Is "C" Program, We May Select "C++ Source File" As File Type In Step 15, & Proceed
As Usual To Write Our "C" Program In C++ Source File Without Giving Any Explicit Extension Because We Already Have ".cpp" Extension By Default.

18. Now go to Project -> Project Properties (or click Alt+F7) a Dialog with your project's property pages will appear.
19. Go to 'Configuration Properties' and select general in Left panel.
20. Now go to 'Character Set' Properties select it and set it to 'Not Set'.

NOTE:
	1. This tells which kind of character set we are going to use in our project we can also choose "Use Unicode Character Set"  if the application
	is Unicode compliant or to "Use Multi byte character set" if it is not Unicode compliant.
	By the way there are two ways to set Unicode character set::
		I.  First as mentioned above.
		II. Second is by writing "#define UNICODE" in our code.
		we are going to use second Method.

21. Now Write the Multi Threading with standard library Generic Application's Code And Save It.
22. Now go to Build and Click on 'Compile' (F7)  after that click on Build.
NOTE:
	The other way of doing it by going at build menu and hitting Rebuild all or your project specific Build.
23. You can execute your application by following 5 ways::

I. 		Go to Debug Menu Click on Start Debugging.

II. 	Go to Debug Menu Click on Start without Debugging.

III.    Open "My Computer" Or "Explorer", Navigate To Your Project's "Debug" ( Or "Release" ) Directory And Double Click On Your Project's Exe.

IV.     Go To "Start\Run", Browse To Navigate Your Exe's Path And When Found Press "OK" Button Of "Run" Dialog Box.

V. 		As Usual Start "Command Prompt", Go To The Path Of Project's Exe By One Or More "CD" Commands, Type Exe's Name And Press Enter To Execute It.